you have a minimum wage of $3 in
Venezuela you have accumulated inflation
of 2 million per or more you have um
collapse of 70% of GDP you have a
collapse of over 80% of oil production
in Venezuela and they have squandered
almost a trillion dollar in wealth
because when Chavez came to power you
had a a barrel of oil at $8 or so and it
K rocketed to over $120 so only because
of that they got almost a trillion
dollars they destroyed all all of that
weal and people say oh this is you know
Caribbean type of politics this is the
result of socialism when they implement
this system and again I don't mean the
the Nordic type of welfare state which
is not socialism they destroy the
country where they uh where they run it